hey guys salut yeah my legs and today
I'm showing you a very iconic dish from
Tom's the coq Monsieur I will show you
the ultra classic stuff first and
afterwards maybe a little twist on it
please show some supplies at least the
conversation which is crispy outside and
melt inside and know what it can be done
in under ten minutes which is quite
phenomenal for a French dish you want to
do it now you don't want to do it I do
let's do it
first off grab two thick slices of
sandwich bread lay them flat in front of
you and better them on one side only for
the first slice place the butter side
down
add a slice of cheese I'm using Conte
here to keep it really French but feel
free to go for cheddar mozzarella you
name it then goes a slice of ham I will
use higher welfare pork I will use
higher welfare pop what this is the
autosuggestion method I think it will
work I believe so
afterwards another slice of cheese you
see the cheese is the glue of this
sandwich finish him with the other slice
of bread this time better side up to
stay classic we will grill this sandwich
in a pan and not in a toaster like I did
in the past with some fat success but
don't get me wrong I still believe that
the toaster method is the less chaotic
one unless your kitchen starts to burn
unless your kitchen starts to burn right
and it starts to spread unless your
kitchen starts to burn right and it
starts to spread unless your kitchen
starts to burn right and it starts to
spread frying pan on medium heat
sandwich goes in and simply cover it
loosely with aluminium foil no lead is
needed because it would create too much
steam thus making the sandwich goes so
deep fry it for about 2 minutes each
side but check occasionally at the end
it should be golden and crispy don't
brush it meaning do not set the heat too
high otherwise it will burn so
personally I do like the croque monsieur
as it is nothing more but sometimes
people find it too dry so let's make a
white and cream sauce to go with it in
french we call it bechamel sauce but
don't be scared really because i do have
the perfect cheek color to
microwave-safe cups 1 tablespoon butter
in the first one and a good dash of milk
in the second one pop them in the
microwave for 1 minute and a half
afterwards one tablespoon flour goes in
the butter mix well and add the hot milk
then pop this mix 20 to 30 seconds in
the microwave to thicken up at the end
it's 80% similar to a fancy French
bechamel sauce but for only 20% of the
original time okay so how to play this
out well in Paris it's often done like
so just spread with bechamel sauce and
broiled until golden what I'm afraid
this is idiot
well not optimal there are many issues
with it I mean we made a crispy and
golden sandwich and now all you end up
with is a soggy and burnt edge sandwich
so instead I will share with you the
only way to get the best on both world
you know crispiness long and moister
well cut the immerse you in two
fingers and put some bechamel sauce in
an egg cup yes boiled egg and soldiers
this is the inspiration right before
eating it did the soldier in the sauce
and my word on it moisture and
crispiness guaranteed each time so guys
that's it I told you a measure is
nothing complex and you know it might
even looks a bit simplistic in a way but
keep in mind that simplicity is the
ultimate sophistication I really hope
you enjoyed this recipe so like comment
share and subscribe people bye-bye